h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Status.dll
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Status.pdb
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Facebook.dll
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Urlshortener.v1.dll
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Helpers.UrlShortener.Bitly.dll
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Helpers.UrlShortener.dll
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Facebook.xml
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Urlshortener.v1.pdb
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Urlshortener.v1.xml
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\obj\Debug\Status.dll
h:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DajStatus\Status\obj\Debug\Status.pdb
